 Associated Press Writer
 He also said German reunification is unlikely as long as West Germany belongs to NATO and East Germany to the Soviet-led Warsaw Pact military alliance .
 Among them were a program to teach German schoolchildren about the annhilation of the Jews; the creation of an agency to monitor and prosecute hate groups; the continuation of the ``special relationship'' now existing between West Germany and Israel; the convening of a 1992 conference of world leaders on the 50th anniversary of the conference at which ``the final solution'' was developed; the establisment of a German commission to protect Holocaust sites; the banning of terrorist organizations that ``have enjoyed respectablity in East Germany;'' a cultural exchange program between German and Jewish organizations; German television and radio programs on the reconciliation; restitution payments to the families and victims of Nazism, and a German commitment to revitalize former synagogues in East German territory .
 ``This new fear of Germany is linked to German economic trends.
 Germany is much stronger, much more dynamic than France,'' she added.
 There is growing discussion in West Germany about German reunification as a result of sweeping social and political reforms underway in East Germany.
 He said he agreed with Gorbachev that reunification must be decided not only by East and West Germany, but all of Europe.
 ``If East Germany stays in the Warsaw Pact, NATO, with the best of its ability, would try to prevent full reunification; maybe a confederation between the two Germanys, but not a full reunification,'' Rogers says.
 Emerging opposition to uncompromising Communist rule in East Germany has raised questions on how long East Berlin's leaders can resist the democratic reforms sweeping through neighboring East Bloc countries.
 ``You are undoubtedly aware,'' he wrote both leaders, ``of the great fear that German reunification brings to the community of victims of Nazism''.
 He was one of several experts in German history discussing the implications of reunification following the decision Tuesday by the four World War II allies _ the United States, Britain, France and the Soviet Union _ to accept the reunification of a Germany they divided 45 years ago.
 West Germans Praise Gorbachev's Comments on Reunification
 Beyond Europe, the dominant economic forces are strongly disinflationary.
 Sweeping democratic reforms have taken hold in East Germany in the past several weeks under the pressure of mass protests, spurring talk of reuniting the two German states divided at the end of World War II.
 ``If the situation has changed, the East German government must say so,'' said Waigel, a conservative who has been pushing for establishment of a common currency for the two states.
 But the Soviets, who suffered millions of deaths fighting a unified Germany in World War II, have said the idea of German reunification is ``dangerous and unrealistic''.
 A Single Germany: No Fear of Jackboots, But Worries Nonetheless
 Calls for German reunification have increased since the ouster of the hard-line Communist leadership and the opening of East Germany's borders during the fall pro-democracy movement.
