 ``From today's viewpoint it is incomprehensible that there was no general Politburo discussion about the negative developments then taking place in society,'' said Krenz, an influential Politburo member even before Honecker's fall.
 Ousted East German leader Erich Honecker was arrested and taken to prison today, and a prosecutor said he will tried for high treason in March.
 Honecker joins other members of his ousted Politburo already in prison awaiting trial.
 Honecker's Final Weeks In Power Described
 This will be decided by the family.
 Honecker Arrested, Taken to Prison
 He is under investigation on allegations of abuse of power, corruption, harboring terrorists and issuing shoot-to-kill orders to prevent East Germans from escaping to West Germany when he served as the country's leader.
 Honecker was released from jail for health reasons.
 r i AM-Honecker 01-03 0311
 Ousted East German leader Erich Honecker will not stand trial in East Germany as long as the formerly Communist country exists, a West German newspaper reported.
 WEST BERLIN (AP)
 Like Krenz, Schabowski denied any personal responsibility for the orders to attack the demonstrators in the capital.
 ``There was the notion in the former party leadership that everything outside of planned events and demonstrations staged by the Communist youth group was an action organized by enemy forces,'' Krenz told an investigating commission in East Berlin.
 Krenz added that he and other then-members of the Politburo failed to realize that the Roman Catholic and Lutheran churches were ``not working against but rather for the German Democratic Republic''.
 Report: Honecker Unlikely To Go to Trial in East Germany
 Krenz said he accepted ``joint responsibility for misjudging dissident citizens and dissident groups for years''.
 r i AM-Honecker 07-30 0279
 Krenz, who had responsibility for many internal security functions before Honecker's ouster, criticized the use of force during his testimony Wednesday.
