 MUSIC: SONY AND DEUTSCHE GRAMMOPHON PLAN EXPANDED RELEASE SCHEDULES OF RECORDINGS BY THE LATE CONDUCTOR .
 Bernstein was the first American-born conductor to lead a major symphony orchestra, often joining his New York Philharmonic in playing his own pieces, while conducting from the piano .
 r a PM-LeonardBernstein 10-10 0451
 After Boston Symphony Orchestra conductor Serge Koussevitzky died in 1951, Bernstein became head of the orchestra and conducting departments at Tanglewood.
 "(But) Bernstein, at 68, remains a frenetic combination of orbiting rocket, aerobics master, super-juggler, matinee idol, booming cannon, hysterical mime, heart-rending tragedian, bouncing ball, sky writer, riveting machine, mawkish sentimentalist and danseur ignoble" .
 During the summers he studied under Koussevitzky, conductor of the Boston Symphony, at the new school Koussevitzky was starting at the orchestra's summer home, Tanglewood .
 "If I can write one real, moving American opera that any American can understand (and one that is, notwithstanding, a serious musical work), I shall be a happy man," Bernstein said in 1948 .
 Dr. Kevin M. Cahill attributed the problem to emphysema complicated by a tumor and pulmonary infections.
 Leonard Bernstein, whose 70th birthday in August was marked with a gala at Tanglewood, returned to Carnegie Hall with the New York Philharmonic 45 years after he made his triumphant conducting debut there with the orchestra.
 Cahill said progressive emphysema complicated by a pleural tumor and a series of lung infections had left Bernstein too weak to continue working .
 At Harvard University, Bernstein studied piano and composition, but developed a serious interest in composing only after meeting American composer Aaron Copland .
 Bernstein, known and beloved by the world as "Lenny," died at 6:15 p.m. in the presence of his son, Alexander, and physician, Kevin M. Cahill, who said the cause of death was complications of progressive lung failure.
 These are recent recordings Bernstein made with the New York Philharmonic (Tchaikovsky's Fifth Symphony), the Vienna Philharmonic (two Mozart symphonies and the clarinet concerto) and Concertgebouw Orchestra of Amsterdam (Schubert's Symphonies Nos.
 There is very little available on Bernstein in the home-video market, which is no surprise considering there are so few classical music titles on cassette.
 October 26, 1990, Friday, Home Edition
 Bernstein, 71, has suffered from severe influenza, pleurisy, and pneumonia since the beginning of the year, Cahill said in a statement released by Harry Kraut, Bernstein's manager.
 Called "The Bernstein Edition," it is being sold concurrently in Europe in a 25-CD set .
 Philharmonic. These recordings were made between 1977 and 1985 of music by Beethoven, Brahms, Bernstein, Haydn, Mozart, Stravinsky, Tchaikovsky and Gershwin.
