 A celebrity in the West since he helped form the Soviet dissident movement of the 1970s, Sakharov spent nearly seven years in internal exile after criticizing the Kremlin's military drive into Afghanistan.
 AP880512-0157
 Andrei D. Sakharov urged members of the Academy of Sciences on Monday to reject the leadership's list of candidates for the new Soviet legislature, which does not include the Nobel Peace Prize winner.
 President Mikhail S. Gorbachev and other Soviet leaders said in an obituary that Sakharov had been the victim of ``gross injustices'' and praised him as a ``man of honesty and sincerity''.
 In what amounted to a public apology, Mikhail S. Gorbachev and Soviet leaders today eulogized Andrei D. Sakharov as a ``man of honesty and sincerity'' who suffered great injustice at the hands of previous rulers.
 AP881110-0227
 But Moscow News asked: ``Can he really do everything''?
 "I am far from being delighted about all the things that have happened in our country over the last year.
 AM-Sakharov,0260
 The Soviet leader told reporters at the Congress of People's Deputies that Sakharov's death was a ``great loss''.
 Since then, Sakharov, who was one of the creators of his nation's hydrogen bomb, has vocally supported Soviet leader Mikhail S.
 Several hundred people gathered outside Sakharov's apartment building Friday evening, holding candles and wreathing his photograph in flowers.
 An obituary signed by Gorbachev, five other members of the ruling Communist Party Politburo and 50 other leading officials and scholars was printed along with a picture of Sakharov on page 4 of the party daily Pravda.
 Mourners carried small portraits of Sakharov and red and white carnations to place near his coffin.
 Moscow News Paints Sympathetic Portrait of the Sakharovs at Home
 Begun and Slepak said they would lay a wreath on Sakharov's grave in Sharansky's name .
 Weekly Prints Sympathetic Portrait of Sakharov, His Wife
 The 66-year-old Sakharov and his wife lead a frugal existence in their seventh-floor Moscow apartment, eating cabbage, beet soup, potatoes and other simple fare, and Sakharov insists on washing the dishes afterward himself, the paper said.
