 SHADYSIDE, Ohio
 r a PM-FlashFloods 2ndLd-Writethru a0516 06-18 0699
 u a PM-OhioFlooding 5thLd-Writethru a0597 06-15 0760
 u a AM-FlashFloods 4thLd-Writethru a0717 06-18 0668
 Thursday night's thunderstorms caused flash flooding across a wide area of central and eastern Ohio, northern West Virginia and western Pennsylvania.
 The body of a man was found Sunday afternoon in the Ohio River, a half-mile south of the mouth of Wegee Creek and about seven miles south of Shadyside, Vogt said .
 The 20th victim was pulled from the mouth of Pipe Creek at the Ohio River, about seven miles south of Shadyside, Vogt said.
 From Associated Press
 Rainwater running down hillsides had forced debris into the creeks and formed dams at bridges spanning them, Shadyside Fire Chief Mark Badia said.
 Workers used shovels and picks to dig along the creek banks, and sifted through debris at places marked with red flags, where search dogs indicated they had detected human scents, National Guard Capt. Jim Boling said .
 There also was flooding in Jefferson County, north of Belmont, in Licking County in central Ohio, and in northwestern West Virginia and western Pennsylvania.
 AP-NR-06-16-90 2056EDT
 There also was flooding in Jefferson County, north of Belmont, and Licking County in central Ohio.
 About 200 residents were evacuated from their homes in central Ohio after 3 inches of rain fell in an hour, flooding streets and washing out rural roads.
 About 200 residents were evacuated from their homes in central Ohio after 3 inches of rain fell in an hour, flooding streets and washing out rural roads .
 Workers used shovels and picks to dig along the creek banks, and sifted through debris at places marked with red flags, where search dogs indicated they'd detected human scents, said National Guard Capt. Jim Boling.
 Rescuers pulled people from three cars in Wegee Creek, which flows through Shadyside and into the Ohio River, said Badia.
 The Wegee and Pipe creeks overflowed Thursday night during storms that poured 5 inches of rain onto eastern Ohio in 3 hours.
