 Photo, Map; PHOTO: Associated Press; An Egyptian pulled from sunken ferry Sunday in stormy Red Sea makes his way to a rescue vehicle (color); MAP: Associated Press; (Red Sea showing the Port of origin and the port where the barge sank) (color)
 100 Feared Drowned In Ferry Sinking, Pirates Attack Second Boat
 U.S. Navy helicopter crews reported "lots of wreckage including life preservers, rafts and floating material" where the ferry went down.
 A passenger ferry sank off the Caribbean coast while being towed to port, and 59 people drowned and six are missing, authorities and news reports said today.
 Photo, Map; PHOTO: Associated Press; An Egyptian pulled from sunken ferry Sunday in stormy Red Sea makes his way to a rescue vehicle (color); MAP: Associated Press; (Red Sea showing the Port of origin and the port where the barge sank) (color)
 When he made his way to the surface he found ``guys floating everywhere, screaming and yelling like chaos''.
 SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS
 Three of the sailors said the boat had been taking on water over the stern in heavy seas, then capsized when it was hit by a big wave.
 He said the ferry sank quickly Saturday night after being tossed into a coral reef by stormy seas.
 He said the patrol boat captain believed the ferry's rudder was unmanned while under tow.
 Capt. Anibal Giron Arreola, a spokesman at the Puerto Barrios naval base, said the ferry Justo Rufino Barrios II sank Sunday afternoon in Amatique Bay.
 ``I am sure my wife is dead''.
 ``Give back our family members.
 "Water flooded the ship in 10 minutes, causing it to sink," he said, adding that he jumped overboard and swam until a rescue boat picked him up.
 The 13-year veteran sailor found himself trapped in the ferry's cabin, frantically struggling to find a window as the ship sank.
 ``It appears the boat rode a wave and that as it was leaning the people ran to one side out of fear,'' he said.
 ``So they just dragged us through the water back to the Saratoga, and I was a real happy person to see those guys snatching me up,'' he said.
 He said by telephone that the ferry ran out of fuel midway on a 16-mile run across the bay from Livingston to Puerto Barrios and sank after a naval patrol boat tried to tow it to port.
