 They always help other runners.
 He isn't particular about brands of shoes ("I wear them all") or what he eats ("I never eat broccoli, but I love steak and ice cream").
 "We're not runners, never have been.
 Los Angelenos are seeing plugs for the race on millions of grocery bags, milk cartons and loaves of bread, in addition to soda cans, billboards and other sources.
 Last year, one of every 20 runners needed aid.
 "A runner should be able to enjoy a closed city for a day.
 But the Olympic marathon is an exception: the only top-level marathon that carries no prize money.
 In addition, the marathon sells its name to licensees and suppliers, who donate everything from fruit and water to the official salted snack and the official hair-growth product .
 He has run only two marathons before Sunday.
 More than 18,000 runners are expected this year.
 With their careers and financial prospects in mind, top-level runners normally only run two marathons a year.
 He hopes to do better in 1991.
 ``Last night I went into Brooklyn and got 500 pounds of carrots from a food co-op.
 I run because I like it.
 This year's race may challenge New York and London as the largest marathon ever run.
 'Running a marathon is the easy part,' he says.
 They include Ibrahim Hussein of Kenya, the 1988 winner in 2:08:43, the third-fastest time in Boston and one second ahead of Ikangaa; Abebe Mekonnen of Ethiopia, the 1989 champion in 2:09:06, Boston's eighth-best time; Douglas Wakiihuri of Kenya, the 1987 world champion and 1988 Olympic silver medalist who is making his Boston debut; and Naali, the third-place finisher in the 1990 Commonwealth Games.
 Among those chasing them will be John Treacy, the 1984 Olympic silver medalist and the third-place finisher in Boston in 1988 and 1989; Geoff Smith, the Boston winner in 1984-85; Ed Eyestone, the top-ranked U.S. marathoner; Salvador Garcia, the runner-up to Wakiihuri in last year's New York City Marathon; and Rolando Vera, who finished third in his marathon debut in Boston in 1990.
