 The following are some of the key events in his life .
 The trustees decided in January that Mandela should get the honorary degree.
 Wrangle Over Honorary Degree For Nelson Mandela
 Mandela the 70-year-old leader of the ANC jailed 27 years ago, was sentenced to life in prison for conspiring to overthrow the South African government.
 Mayor David Dinkins warned Jewish groups against protesting the visit of anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela to New York City, saying the protests might insult the black community, a newspaper said today.
 The police have denied Mandela's charges.
 A 3-year campaign that has succeeded in getting Northeastern University to award an honorary degree to jailed South African nationalist leader Nelson Mandela has raised objections from some faculty and students.
 AP-NR-05-08-88 1910EDT
 The arrival Wednesday of African National Congress leader Nelson Mandela prompted an outpouring of praise and encouragement from politicians and supporters.
 "Ireland rejoices that Nelson Mandela is free at last," said Charles Haughey, Irish prime minister and current president of the European Community, which has been using economic sanctions to pressure Pretoria to give up apartheid .
 The degree is to be accepted by South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu, who is scheduled to be in Boston for a benefit dinner.
 AP-NR-06-09-90 0733EST
 Rabbi Abraham Weiss of the Hebrew Institute announced his Coalition of Concern will hold a protest at Mandela's public welcome in New York because of the anti-apartheid leader's ``unbending anti-Israel stance''.
 AP-NR-06-20-90 2157EDT
 In London, Bob Hughes, chairman of the Anti-Apartheid Movement, said he was delighted at the news, which he called "a tremendous victory for the people of South Africa and for the international sanctions campaign" .
 Mandela, seven others are charged with sabotage and conspiracy to overthrow the government .
 Northeastern announced plans to award the degree honoring Mandela on May 13, ending a long effort by students seeking to change a university policy barring honorary degrees for anyone who could not be present at the ceremony.
 ``There is a danger of many people who hold Nelson Mandela in very, very high esteem taking great umbrage'' at any public protest, Dinkins said.
