 A leading committee Democrat acknowledged this point .
 When Tower underwent the colonscopy examination, a rectal polyp also was discovered and removed.
  A longtime Bush political adviser said that Bush "knew what he was doing" when he named Tower to the post and would not withdraw the nomination, despite the controversy.
 I have never seen drinking be a factor in John Tower's life, other than a social glass of wine.
 So Tower became the ninth Cabinet nominee ever to be rejected, the first who was a former senator.
 Nevertheless, the White House said it wanted to see the nomination go all the way to a vote.
 Tower had not been a Reagan man _ he had supported Bush for the 1980 nomination.
 Former Sen. John Tower of Texas and his daughter were among 23 people killed Friday when the twin-engine commuter plane they were aboard crashed while trying to land.
 Tower testified last week that he had represented British Aerospace Inc. only on civil aviation matters, not as a consultant on military systems .
 The Democratic-controlled Senate today rejected the nomination of former Texas Sen. John Tower as defense secretary, delivering a major rebuke to President Bush just 49 days into his term.
 The last few undecided senators declared their positions.
 He said his nomination had been turned into a vehicle for a major presidential defeat.
 After leaving the Senate in 1985, Tower went into business as a defense consultant.
 Retired Sen. John Tower, the defense secretary-designate, underwent surgery Thursday to remove a colon polyp, a hospital spokesman said.
 A preliminary biopsy of the polyp showed it was benign, Habgood said, but further results would be announced Friday by Tower's surgeon, Dr.
 The nomination is subject to Senate approval .
 And the Reagan White House went to some lengths to rule the senator out of the job he sought, declaring that the new president would not be nominating any Senate Republican for any Cabinet post.
 Further explanation of the first polyp removal would have to come from Tower's surgeon, who was unavailable for comment Thursday night, the spokesman said.
