 Other ambassadorial nominees rated as unqualified by the American Academy of Diplomacy include Florida real estate developer Joseph Zappala, nominated as ambassador to Spain; Melvin L. Sembler, a real estate executive in Florida named to be ambassador to Australia; and Della M. Newman, a Seattle, Wash., real estate broker named to be ambassador to New Zealand.
 The United States, he noted, never recognized Jordan's sovereignty over the West Bank.
 Then, in voice votes, the committee approved the equally controversial nominations of Florida real estate developer Marvin Sembler to be ambassador to Australia and Della Newman, a Seattle, Wash., real estate broker, to be ambassador to New Zealand .
 The Reagan administration retaliated by expelling eight Nicaraguan envoys in Washington, including Ambassador Carlos Tunnermann.
 Once the second man in the U.S.
 Returns to Washington
 WASHINGTON
 Three of President Bush's ambassadorial nominees, whom Democrats said had no qualifications except political connections, won narrow approval Tuesday from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
 Word of the expected nomination came as Bush's choice to be assistant secretary of state for Latin America, Democratic political consultant Bernard Aronson, ran into objections from several Republican members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, congressional aides said .
 The United States has had no ambassador to Nicaragua since July 1988.
 Security Council meeting of heads of state, President Bush reaffirmed the U.N.'s leading role in peacemaking.
 By JIM MANN, Times Staff Writer
 UNITED NATIONS (AP)
 Meanwhile, Bush's choice as assistant secretary of state for Latin America, Democratic political consultant Bernard Aronson, ran into objections from several Republican members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, congressional aides said .
 Gildenhorn, according to Senate sources, is one of several Bush ambassadorial nominees who have been rated ``unqualified'' by the American Academy of Diplomacy, an organization composed of former high ranking diplomats, including all living former secretaries of state.
 The United States and Nicaragua have not had ambassadors in each other's capitals since July 1988.
 Embassy there until 1977, when he was appointed ambassador to Turkey.
 Twenty of 29 ambassadorial nomination made by Bush in the first six months of his administration have gone to non-professionals, many of them large contributors to Republican causes, committee sources said.
